Revise task page to deploy and access the Kubernetes Dashboard (#29515)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/web-ui-dashboard.md

Dashboard shows most Kubernetes object kinds and groups them in a few menu categories.

#### Admin overview

> For cluster and namespace administrators, Dashboard lists Nodes, Namespaces and PersistentVolumes and has detail views for them.

Reviewer: I think "and has detail views for each of them" may sound better here. This is just a small nit though. Feel free to disregard.

Node list view contains CPU and memory usage metrics aggregated across all Nodes.
The details view shows the metrics for a Node, its specification, status,
allocated resources, events and pods running on the node.

#### Workloads

Shows all applications running in the selected namespace.
The view lists applications by workload kind (for example: Deployments, ReplicaSets, StatefulSets).
and each workload kind can be viewed separately.
The lists summarize actionable information about the workloads,

> such as the number of ready pods for a Replica et or current memory usage for a Pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
such as the number of ready pods for a ReplicaSet or current memory usage for a Pod.
```
typo
